yo yo that's it we can find ourselves for
the top-10 network with sexus network of
traps with his pieces so sram 163 and
to start small with the eyes teams
good network it's not the best of the
world they are the best ones to me there
will have much better will find much better on
youtube I think but it's already pretty good
For a start
and then as I said if I see that
you like it after I will ask
not you send your networks in
youtube message like that with a link from
videos I'll put them in top 10 and that's it
so we will start right away at the
10th place with a rhyming kitchen network
with a big straight line combos and
to friction
you 'll be a straight-line piece that makes
very badly with less than two miles
about 2 since interesting is that
it's not the only one of this fight adconion
lucas another after we get to kill the
rogue like that and if we allows to
win fight like what networks
Mafia is not fair to look pretty
it allows you to do very badly there are
fights common to the example by well
that I'm accused girls in 5 rounds if I
do not deceive in two minutes five rounds
pretty effective go for the ninth
place it's a fight in bessin this
once with a basic network I
had already shown it in a pvp with
sexy you have 100 rendered it but I
do not give you what it was
interesting to see a network
like that that allows me to win too
a fight will be found noc what me
allows for good and this quiet fight
finally as a union since it's a
very nice fight you'll see it
on the pvp
I could discover 43-44 I know more
with his little eyes if that you
interested will have to understand integer for
how I struggled to put in
place the network
that's still a lot of damage
more media well if I get to
to be finished after with the senses it's me
allowed still a network that allowed me
to win and not just to look pretty
what a small network that makes yeah
it really is
zuma to win a fight a little
it was a work so that's forced
his leathers 199 diakite looks pretty at
little I think we're going to go to the
in 8th place with a network of kolizeum
you probably already have seen
also since I had already shown
but it's still interesting enough
big right there bing bing bling with
less than 2 miles from the Azores diop on 3
800 life this was really a
very nice combat combo forgiveness that was
quick to put up as I said
in two rounds eric and there neither I
put a little bonus like that against the
where I can kill quite easily
at one shot almost and the gzale too
who will in turn take a little
network like that to finish how much
once again a fight that was played
really won thanks to the looting
completely naked and three guys who have
been killed through the trap during this
fight we could surely have found
it's interesting to go
in 7th place
we find ourselves in a fight 1 v1 you
could also see this fight there I have it
put in a pvp cros a despicable thing
that we defy this damage cpna big what
it changes when even a little bit but
it's interesting still constrained to
to say that I could have acted and 1,14 all
explodes
montaut 1115 is harder is young
quietly but the rails then
this is a very violent 165 rear-admiral
past violent we do not feel it's
generally this network go 6th place
it happens that already simple as to drink
the cat the traps damage go in
sixth place
still a drawing counts to this thriller in
challenge will have something interesting
how I manage to cram in
network I had to make a little plan before
with direct networks or if he leaves
we and it was 1 to 463 if I'm wrong
not so my verdict is a little
my name is +62 maybe you
we are building a network of
diagonally it changes results or in
line
conflans men's rating and bim kroes
diagonally as if I could have I would have
more pushed really far enough I
try again in a few rounds but good
train vassal quietly with 2010
and about in combat xi done in one round
in 5th place
a fight a s1 against that shout not if that
go very fast
and here again I know enough
violent has any good butt very big
bonal with even a foot I'm in this
case you elect and - 2138 you know ends
france d'europe type more one but it has
ended in sick of regret far enough
mexes it does not fall from the sky networks
koch bang a lot of time for the
implement
4th place
qantas to heart this time it was my
phoenix because I ended up there
I had to lose a fight just before I
I made for them this tablecloth
the assassin people this is our gift
nice for the networks look at that when
a very big diagonal is of course
always sync with the music of
double at all good
almost beheaded the guy
then it was a nice little hobby yeah
11 minutes it was still pretty
fast finally relatively fast with the
little troll at the end of the role of the judges
and emma phoenix 3rd place still one of the
five best investing networks
more impressive than this collision
this future was going to put against a
drifting room equey the crowds vita in
agro go it is said to more than one purpose
it's wrong of a day when even blum and
this is a big diagonal that is very
wrong
this one shot totally yesterday without a point
of 100 children of our equipment ten
second place minutes attention that
was starting very violent with a big one
account in sacrieur that there is a lot
of luxury sectors and that's the class
the simplest I find for now
to put in the networks that I do not have
wrong but it's possible until the goal of
klasnic and departure
rich and sees the Bible very big mess
when it ends very easily and that
also allows me this is a big issue the
fights I rank in how classified
is that they are agro because it's
more complicated to set up there are
more challenge what to go first place
and yes in the first place finally his
accounts a sacred heart also I
shows you a bit before how to manage to
the complicated age of 2 1/2 years there I
made express sailboats to put in the
line of the network entrance for it
pulled me a typed close just to push
there it worked
I also missed a beautiful breastplate
since he had 40% land 39% tr35
really I assure the combo for the
finish
it was not easy since with whom
built and without that but kiev have
not learned much thing it really takes
I'm going to get you off the bus
diagonal monstrous scotty yes the poor
aware that he is going to be definitely
helping you worry excuse me
for the club
a little heart of love is one of the least
three draws in blood for the forward in
3003 that I'm even in problems
at least 3000 and that's it
this carnage that I was really happy
when I put on the 40% really a
sacred who was at small resistance
ball went were not used to great
thing
and I can win this fight and ben
that's it for first top 10 if
did you like it? do not hesitate to tell me
say in comment to leave to like and
I started maybe to prepare your
networks too if you are at a one
amateur networks send messages
of youtube and I will surely do it if that
please in second video top 10 this
network this time with your clips
here I tell you next time it was
it can not hesitate to leave a lay
who see you soon in the subway